master: document `tidb_foreign_key_check_in_shared_lock` (#22453)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

>
> Starting from v6.6.0, TiDB supports [Resource Control](/tidb-resource-control-ru-groups.md). You can use this feature to execute SQL statements with different priorities in different resource groups. By configuring proper quotas and priorities for these resource groups, you can gain better scheduling control for SQL statements with different priorities. When resource control is enabled, statement priority will no longer take effect. It is recommended that you use [Resource Control](/tidb-resource-control-ru-groups.md) to manage resource usage for different SQL statements.

> ### tidb_foreign_key_check_in_shared_lock <span class="version-mark">New in v8.5.6</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### tidb_foreign_key_check_in_shared_lock <span class="version-mark">New in v8.5.6 and v9.0.0</span>
```

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`

> - This variable controls whether foreign key constraint checks use shared locks instead of exclusive locks in pessimistic transactions. When enabled, foreign key checks acquire shared locks on parent table rows, allowing multiple concurrent transactions to check the same parent table row without blocking each other, thereby improving the performance of concurrent writes to child tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable controls whether foreign key checks in pessimistic transactions use shared locks instead of exclusive locks. When enabled, foreign key checks acquire shared locks on rows in the parent table, allowing multiple concurrent  transactions to validate the same parent row without blocking each other. This behavior improves the performance of concurrent writes to child tables.
```
